well howdy there internet people it's
beau again so tonight this part 2 about
the censorship of hate speech if you
look at the comments last night you see
three sides two sides that have a plan
and one side that has a slogan the side
with the slogan is free speech for all
all the time
it's absolutely and that's cool as a
slogan when you try to apply it how does
that work out does that mean I can go to
a pro-life web site and post my
pro-choice videos and they're forced to
host them who's gonna force them or is
it just places that allow uploads which
is almost every website doesn't really
uh doesn't make sense then you have the
side that says well each website
determines its own content okay and that
gives us the situation we have and then
you have the side that says well the
government should regulate it regulate
the internet you should be like a public
utility mm-hmm not sure how I feel about
giving the people with the power of
violence a monopoly on violence a
monopoly on information - that doesn't
seem wise and I know you're thinking
well the First Amendment will protect me
mm-hmm will it though don't know that it
has in other countries and if the
government did decide to censor you
who would you tell and how maybe they
don't have to censor you maybe they just
throttle it don't put your information
out there and they could also go the
other way with it'd be very easy for a
government to remove fake news like
anything critical with the government
and to boost news they want you to know
like that all important is about Iraq's
weapons of mass destruction program it's
a very dangerous game and as we sit here
and argue over who should have this
power I think we're missing the bigger
question should anybody have this much
power I think that's the real question
which takes us back a few videos to that
video about parallel power structures
somebody right now is going well there's
no alternative to YouTube maybe there
should be the market has spoken maybe
the solution is less power in more hands
rather than a whole lot of power in one
set of hands and this idea well it
applies to other power structures too
there's all of this outrage over what
amounts to mostly racists and conspiracy
theorists getting videos deleted or
being demonetized why don't we have that
level of outrage when other power
structures that have monopolies
regulate our everyday lives instead much
like this we attempt to influence the
regulation rather than stop it
and I know some of the authors and well
if we decentralized then the Nazis would
still be out there
they'd still be able to do this they'd
have their videos up they would they
certainly would but it would be just
like the real world prior to social
media they'd have to find the people and
bring them to those videos rather than
being able to use social media to
intentionally target the disaffected and
those searching for an identity and
psyching them off would make their job a
whole lot harder would really stop the
spread of a lot of bad ideas because it
wouldn't be reinforced in that echo
chamber
we're reaching a point with technology
where we could very easily head into a
black mirror type of situation wouldn't
be hard at all it's already happening in
China with the Social Credit but I guess
it can't happen here anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night